Miss be careful
Our stuff is expensive.
I'm afraid you can't afford it.
Put the clothes he just touched
Wrap it all up for me
Hurry up, it turns out that you are hugging a big money
The wife and children at home don't care
Spend money on beautiful young girls outside
I'm not that kind of person.
I don't want this dress anymore
What's your name?
Liu Xiaoxiao
How about Liu Xiaoxiao?
Want to complain to me?
I'll tell you what.
The manager of this store is my husband
Be careful I let him blacklist you two
Don't even think about coming in for the rest of your life
I'll have a try then.
Who dare to bully my wife?
Mr. Jiang, I'm sorry, Mr. Jiang
I didn't know it was you.
I'm sorry, what about you?
Who is not the boss these days?
Aren't you also the general manager?
What are you afraid of him for?
What nonsense
How can I compare with Mr. Jiang?